all right what's going on guys is
knocked out here and today I have a
little bit of a weapon video and as you
all have probably know the new havoc dlc
came out yesterday or the 27th whenever
you were watching this and there's new
energy weapon that came out it is the AE
for and you can see my class here and I
got an elite variant of it the day of
the they actually released Varian's did
you get so that was pretty cool and I
thought I would just make a little video
on it I don't really enjoy this weapon
very much but you know you might and as
you can see in the gameplay if you've
seen the iron sights on the normal 84
with the elite variant here it is a lot
different right there you can see it's
kind of like a Half Dome thing and it's
just I don't really like it personally
but mmm but whatever you guys feel like
using that use it I don't care so the
stats on this weapon are it goes up
either two or three and fire rate and
then it goes down to damage & Down and
accuracy I think and excuse me and you
know I'm not a big fan of the weapon but
like I said I'm going to make this video
just showing you if you haven't seen any
elite variants this is one of them and
you know I found that the time to kill
with it is very slow and it takes a lot
of hit markers and it's just I don't
know it seems like it needs to be buffed
a little bit I mean they probably won't
because they don't want to make it
overpowered but then again it needs a
little something maybe like just up one
damage that's pretty much it that's all
I really need but this is just going to
be a short little video I'll just
explaining like what it does how it
performs like if you just keep watching
the video like there's a lot of times
where I like Miss and everything but
it's for me I find it really hard to
have my
shot on with this weapon and you know
it's just it's an okay gun I I really
wouldn't use it as one of my go-to guns
but you know you can do whatever just
I'm just making this video to share this
elite variant and you know that's pretty
much been it for the video leave a like
and subscribe and I'm out
you